[DOC]Add Pachyderm Hub docs for GA (#5066)
pachyderm/pachyderm: doc/docs/master/hub/manage-entities/manage-members.md

> # Manage Members

Reviewer: This whole doc can be moved to be part of the orgs doc as members only are relevant in context of orgs.

> A member is a user account in Pachyderm Hub that represents
> a person interacting with Pachyderm Hub. A member is associated with a
> GitHub or Google account. Therefore, you must have either of these
> to log in to Pachyderm Hub. All users in Pachyderm Hub get administrative
> access to the corresponding Pachyderm Hub organization and all workspaces.
> In the current Pachyderm version, other roles are not supported.
> The first user that has created the organization is responsible for
> billing. This role can later be transferred to other users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With an Organization, each uniquely authenticated GitHub or Google account is considered a Member.  All Members in Pachyderm Hub get administrative
access to the corresponding Pachyderm Hub organization and all workspaces.
In the current Pachyderm Hub version, other roles are not yet supported.
The first user that has created the organization is responsible for
billing. This role can later be transferred to other users.
```
